steam generation plant, Bidding strategies and flexibility measure (#593)
assume-framework/assume: docs/source/release_notes.rst

  The features in this section are not released yet, but will be part of the next release! To use the features already you have to install the main branch,
  e.g. ``pip install git+https://github.com/assume-framework/assume``

0.5.5 - (29th June 2025)
=========================

**New Features:**

**Steam Generation Plant:** Introduced a 'SteamGenerationPlant' class to model steam generation processes. This class supports both electric and thermal inputs, allowing for flexible operation based on available resources. The plant can be configured with various components, such as heat pumps and boilers, to optimize steam production.
**New Demand Side Flexibility Measure** Implemented 'symmetric_flexible_block' flexibility measure for demand side units. This measure allows users to define a symmetric block of flexibility, enabling to construct a load profile based on which the block bids for CRM amrket can be formulated.

> **Positive and Negetive Flexibility for DSM Units** Introduced the bidding strtegies 'DSM_PosCRM_Strategy' and 'DSM_PosCRM_Strategy' to define positive and negative flexibility for demand side management (DSM) units. This feature allows users to participate DSM units in a Control Reserve Market.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Positive and Negative Flexibility for DSM Units** Introduced the bidding strategies 'DSM_PosCRM_Strategy' and 'DSM_PosCRM_Strategy' to define positive and negative flexibility for demand side management (DSM) units. This feature allows users to participate DSM units in a Control Reserve Market (CRM).
```
